Are You Smart?
Published on February 14, 2009.
[flashvideo file=video/My%20Funny%20Valentine%2009.flv height=272 width=496 /]
I felt like trying out my new Yamaha Silent Brass and Sennheiser HD-280 Pro headphones from the Facebook contest, and since I haven’t recorded anything lately I figured I’d play some My Funny Valentine.
The Aebersold track is fun and all, but playing with it makes me feel as though I’m playing as the accompaniment, rather than with the accompaniment.
So here’s a sans-backing version of My Funny Valentine.
The sound quality came out okay, though the silent brass makes it sounds a bit stuffy and adds a lot of backpressure to the horn.
But I guess it’s still better than playing without a mute and pissing off my neighbors.
It works great for practicing; recording not so much.
The headphones are also pretty sweet.
I haven’t used them that much.
I mainly use them for listening to This American Life while doing dishes.
They block outside sound pretty well.
Oh, and in case you’re wondering, yes, I stole stuff from Miles and Wynton.
I hope they don’t mind.
Previously: Each Day is Valentine’s Day .
(I’d like to think I’m more mature in my trumpet playing since 2 years ago)